I have always had an interest in technology because my father was in that career and I picked up a lot from him. Whenever I was at school or university my friends would always ask me for help with a technical problem and I always thrived at solving that problem.

I studied Forensic Science at university because I had a keen interest in science and again, there was a high involvement of problem solving. Towards the end of my degree I had a strong feeling of wanting to go down the IT route, either in Forensic Computing or web development. I chose web development because forensic science is a very niche subject. You receive the piece of evidence, analyse it and pass it on to the next person. You never get to see the case evolve from start to finish. In comparison, with web development you get to see a few lines of code evolve into a full product which everyone can use and it gives you a great sense of achievement and excitement.

Knowing I wanted to have a career in web development not just coding but also designing the interface as well, I did a three month intense course in graphic design and learned how to use all of the major tools such as Adobe Indesign, photoshop and illustrator.

I started Makers Academy 12 weeks ago only knowing the very basics of the Ruby language. On the first day a coach said that we aren't just going to get taught how to code but more importantly how to learn. My first realisation of this was in week 5 when we started learning JavaScript. After finishing my degree I completed the HTML and CSS tracks on Codeacademy. I also started the track on JavaScript and at the time I really struggled to understand everything that was being thrown at me and didn't really take much of it in. Within approximately four days of learning JS in that week, I had built a mini thermostat application from scratch.
